[ Man ]
Previously on Sons of Anarchy.
[ High-pitched Whining ]
Shit!
[ Clay ]
This was Zobelle.
Otto and now Chibs.
This guy’s trying
to break us.
This is a hostile work
environment claim...
filed against me and my proxy
by Margaret Murphy.
You threatened her.
I had a passionate
conversation with her.
This is my livelihood!
The club is the club.
My life is my life.
Stay out of it!
We need guns.
Our distributor
is temporarily off-line.
I.N.S.
He’s having a little trouble
getting into the country.
We know you deal AK’s.
We’ll pay double,
all you can get us.
Why don’t you tell me
how I get right...
with you trying
to kill a brother
behind the club’s back.
Your little trigger boy blowing
an innocent woman’s head off.
If you mention Donna
or the incident again,
I’ll kill ya.
Your new porn studio.
Sam Crow as a partner?
All of a sudden
you’re Larry Flynt?
We offer her protection,
a space,
front her a little cash
for the shit the feds took,
split the profits.
[ Opie ]
You’re one of Luann’s girls.
Lyla.
Opie.
She’s been helping me out.
- You serious about it?
- Kids like her.
Otto said some guy’s
giving you trouble?
Georgie Caruso.
Shitbag’s threatening
my girls they don’t
join his company.
Saw some wood splinters.
Probably a bat.
Sorry to interrupt.
We just found Luann Delaney
off County 18.
Beaten to death.
Did you cause this?
What are you talking about?
Payback at Caracara?
I’m not the one murdering women!
[ Gate Lock Buzzes ]
You okay?
Something that brutal–
Had to be payback
or a message?
We don’t know.
It could’ve been
the scumbag producer.
We roughed up Caruso
a couple times.
When?
Yesterday.
You should go, Jax.
Yeah.
I’m sorry, man.
All right. Thanks, man.
Rosen.
Where’s he at
with the charges?
The quality
of the security video
is shit.
He’s gonna push
to have it tossed.
And most of the families
at the Christian Center...
don’t want to
get involved.
Well, that should
slow down the D.A.
Yeah.
Gentlemen?
So, uh, I couldn’t
come through on your guns.
A.T.F.’s got eyes
on my supplier.
Not what I wanted to hear.
Well, I’m hoping
to make it up to you.
You mentioned that your gun
source has I.N.S. issues?
Maybe we can help.
It’s no secret you’re losing
your slice of the "H" pie.
You need guns
to guard your corners.
I need a new pipeline.
Work together.
[ Exhales ]
Got my guy detained
in Oakland.
New level of security
at Customs flagged his
passport and visa as bogus.
He’s claiming
it’s a technical error.
And if I.N.S. starts digging?
They find the truth.
Mahmoud Zakairi,
ex-P.L.O.
Gun feed heads
straight back to Hamas.
Hearing’s
tomorrow morning.
And your crew couldn’t
persuade the judge?
Too risky.
My guys show up,
the judge doesn’t spook,
they’ll start digging into
Mahmoud’s Asian contacts.
But a bunch of white guys
twist the judge’s arm–
[ Snickers ]
You all look the same.
[ Laughs ]
We do this,
you make sure Mahmoud opens up
his pipeline to the Sons.
We’ll both be
in your debt.
♪♪ [ Rock On Radio ]
Room 208.
Have a good time.
Ah, son of a bitch.
[ Engine Starts ]
Let’s get out of here.
[ Grunting ]
[ Door Opens ]
Oh, shit!
Date’s over, kids.
Come on and get
your clothes on.
Five girls, four johns.
Couple of them
in possession.
Crank.
Pussy and a bump.
[ Police Radio Chatter ]
Has to be Darby.
Excuse me, Chief.
Skinny blonde says
she’s gotta talk to you.
This is a mistake, okay?
We were set up.
Oh.
Call our boss.
He’ll tell you.
You’re willing
to give up Darby?
We don’t work
for that scumbag.
Well, who’s your boss?
Jax Teller.
[ Man ]
♪ Riding through this world ♪
♪ All alone ♪
♪ God takes your soul ♪
♪ You’re on your own ♪
♪ The crow flies straight ♪
♪ A perfect line ♪
♪ On the devil’s bed ♪
♪ Until you die ♪
♪ Gotta look this life ♪
♪ In the eye ♪♪
♪♪ [ Man Singing Country
On Jukebox ]
Get in here.
I made banana bread.
Want a piece? Still warm.
Shut the door.
Unser picked up
two of your come divas
in a low-rent hooker sting.
Shit.
I knew getting into porn
was a bad call.
- I want us out.
- [ Exhales ]
Losing Luann was awful,
but we have other directors,
and Caracara is in full swing.
It’s a solid moneymaker.
It’s dirty,
and I’m done with it.
Liquidate. You sell off
whatever you can.
Porn is Jax’s deal.
We all voted yes.
Close it down!
I’ll handle
the little prince.
Oh, geez.
- What do we got?
- The I.N.S. judge
is small time, man.
Close to retirement.
He lives alone, cushy little
suburb just outside of Oakland.
Widower, one kid.
Son at Berkeley.
That’s our emotional leverage–
the kid.
He’s local. He’s exposed.
We threaten that.
I told Lin we were gonna
have to see the guns we’re
risking our ass for,
so I arranged to have
a little hardware test.
That’s you.
What? Who’s gonna
press the judge?
Bobby and Ope.
And you take Happy with you.
He’ll know how to persuade.
[ Slams Table ]
This is bullshit!
Give us a minute.
What the hell is this?
Testing hardware? What am I,
a goddamn prospect?
This ain’t about you.
It’s about Ope.
It’s important
we bring him closer.
The deeper in he gets,
the more we’re protected.
Yeah, and the more
you’ll hurt Jax.
I don’t give a shit
about Jax.
How did Otto take it?
Oh. The same way
any of us would.
Do we know who?
Not yet.
Georgie and his crew left
for Thailand this morning.
It’s a buying trip.
Fleeing the scene.
That’s where
my money lands.
Luann is not your fault.
Yeah.
Take a lap, kid.
All right.
Fiona was here.
When?
Yesterday.
Apparently my kid
got wind of the accident.
Fi came to make sure
I was okay.
Jimmy O with her?
I didn’t see him,
but he’d never let her
travel on her own,
so he must be here.
When we were inside,
Stahl had photos of
Zobelle with Cameron...
trying to get us
to sell out the I.R.A.
Cameron’s selling
to Zobelle?
[ Exhales ]
Confirmed it yesterday.
We lost the Irish pipeline.
[ Groans ]
Jimmy’ll be going mad.
Hey, it wasn’t
our choice, man.
It doesn’t matter.
He’ll still find a way
of blaming me.
- Hey, Doc.
- Hey.
Just checking up.
Chief Unser’s looking
for you.
Okay.
Look, we’ll handle it.
You just get better.
You okay?
Yeah.
I talked to Dr. Gallagher.
We’re taking you off
the critical list.
You should
be able to go home
in about a week or so.
Well, that’s good news.
[ Sighs ]
Appreciate you
looking after me, Tara.
You’re a good girl.
You’re welcome.
You do know
your insurance has lapsed?
Yeah. My last birthday,
seems that I aged into
the unaffordable bracket.
You’re gonna have to
finish your recuperation
at Stockton Memorial.
Come on, Doc.
Give me a few more days.
There’s nothing I can do.
It’s out of my hands.
It’s hospital policy.
Then I’ll do the rest
of my mending at home.
Stockton has a good
cranial expert.
I don’t give a shit
about my head!
Do you think I’m gonna be
lying on my goddamn back
somewhere unprotected?
[ Monitor Beeping ]
Ran a sting this morning.
Prostitution.
Logger Point Motel.
Hookers in Charming?
Yeah. Hookers
and movie stars.
Two of them were
your Caracara girls.
Want to talk to their boss.
Perfect.
Hey.
- You okay?
- Uh– [ Clears Throat ]
Yeah.
Anything on Luann?
Uh, crime scene
is clean.
Right now we got nothin’.
Gemma, can you give me
a few minutes?
Yeah.
You need anything?
Oh, honey, I’m fine.
I’m fine.
All right.
I’ll catch up with you
at the station.
[ Grunts ]
I wanted to make sure
this Luann thing doesn’t
get you overreacting.
You think it was Zobelle?
Do you?
No.
Zobelle didn’t kill me.
He’s not gonna risk murder
on someone like Luann.
Doesn’t cut deep enough.
Yeah. Makes sense.
Oh, shit!
Are you okay?
Yeah.
I keep forgetting to take
that stupid pill...
that helps my equilibrium.
Well, Della’s helping you
monitor the meds, yeah?
[ Sighs ]
She, uh, went to be
with her mother for a while.
It’s been three months.
[ Scoffs ]
Jesus Christ, Wayne.
You been going through
this shit all alone?
I’m a prick, Gemma.
Treatments
make me miserable.
It’s the best thing for now.
Well, if you need anything,
just let me know.
Uh, folks
in my support group...
been going to this,
uh, revival service.
Was gonna check it out.
Use a ride
tomorrow morning.
I’ll clear my calendar.
You know,
this thing with Luann–
♪♪ [ Man Singing, Faint ]
Maybe you should
take a few days off.
We’re all logging
extra time on the sex cams,
trying to help Jax.
I’m just saying.
If you want to take some
downtime, I’d help you out.
I’m not looking
to be taken care of, Ope.
- This is what I do.
- I know.
I better
be getting back.
Ope.
Will I see you later?
It’s gonna be
a pretty late one.
Bobby’s sister’s
watching the kids.
Well, I don’t mind
watching them.
I’ll bring Piper by,
rent a movie or something.
That’s okay.
I can’t keep
doing this to you.
I like going to your place.
It feels like a home.
Okay. See you
in the morning.
[ Kisses ]
♪ In my eyes, in my heart ♪
♪♪ [ Continues, Faint ]
Is that okay?
Yeah.
Hey!
Keep an eye on Lyla.
- Anything happens,
give us a call.
- I accept that.
Let’s go, Legs.
You got a visitor.
[ Keys Clanking In Lock ]
What the hell
were you thinking?
Got a phone call.
Wouldn’t give his name.
Offered us 10 grand
to help out Darby.
What do you mean,
"help out"?
He wanted his johns
thinking they had
some high-end pussy.
Two days of work–
that was the deal.
And day one,
the cops show up.
Look, it had to be Georgie.
Psycho killed Luann,
got us busted.
When’d you get the call?
Day before yesterday.
That’s before
we hassled Georgie.
Setup’s not on him.
Then who is it?
I don’t know.
Aren’t you gonna
bail us out?
Yeah.
Let me just get an advance
on my trust fund.
♪♪ [ Piano: Classical ]
[ Bell Jingles ]
[ Ethan ]
Ah.
[ Bell Jingles ]
Deputy Chief.
Your tip panned out.
Well, to be honest,
I’m surprised you
acted on it.
Where else is Darby
dealing crank and pussy?
I’m not quite certain
you and I are on
the same page yet, David.
I thought by now
we’d be working together.
That security footage
of me and Darby’s bullshit–
it’s nothing.
Well, nothing criminal,
but I think it
would raise enough eyebrows
on city council...
to throw your appointment
as chief into question.
Darby’s got a cooker
in an old motor home.
Scrap metal yard
off Manion.
Also,
another low-rent brothel
at the Red Oak Suites.
That’s all of it.
This is your last chance.
Do your job.
How’d it go
with the Chinese?
Okay.
What?
Clay heard what happened
to the girls.
That and Luann–
He wants me to kill Caracara.
It’s club action.
He can’t shut it down.
Well, he don’t give a shit.
Someone paid our girls to be
on Darby’s roster today.
Wanted them to get busted.
You think Clay needed
an excuse to shut me down?
I’m not sure I know
what either one of you
would do anymore.
[ Chattering ]
We need Caracara.
It’s our only club income.
Gun biz is back online.
New 20, new source.
We’re done with pussy.
Just for a minute,
try to think
past this bullshit
between you and me.
Porn is a legitimate
business, Clay.
So’s auto repair.
And that don’t make
my skin crawl.
Look at your run with guns
over the last few years.
We’ve lost more
than we’ve earned–
money and blood.
- Well, that’s gonna change.
- With the Chinese?
We don’t even know
if this pipeline is real...
or where the guns
are coming from!
Hamas.
Jesus Christ.
That’s where you’re putting
the future of our club?
Sam Crow deals guns.
You had your little romp
as porn king.
You tied us to prostitution.
You got one of our member’s
old lady killed.
You are really
gonna stand there...
and lay the guilt
of a dead wife on me?
You remember
that promise I made?
Hey, hey, hey, hey.
Let me make it easy
for you.
[ Clatters On Table ]
You need a majority vote
to shut down Caracara.
We put it out at church
tomorrow night.
[ Door Opens, Closes ]
Oh, brother.
[ Inhales, Exhales ]
Want to tell me what
that "dead wife" shit
was about?
Otto knew, man.
I got Luann killed.
No, you thought you were
doing the right thing.
[ Scoffs ]
[ Exhales ]
I was tapping Luann.
You serious?
Ever since
I took over her books.
How was that?
A little scary.
[ Chuckles ]
Well,
you’re covered, I guess.
Prison clause.
Yeah, I know,
but it still feels shitty.
Sorry, man.
Yeah.
Well, we move on.
[ Scoffs ]
Right.
[ Exhales ]
You know, Clay– he’s not
gonna get a majority vote.
The guys, they love porn.
They practically live
at the studio.
That’s why he hates it.
Come equals cash, brother.
We all know it.
Caracara
ain’t going nowhere.
[ Door Closes ]
We gotta talk–
you and me, alone.
I’m done with alone.
Anything you gotta say,
Bobby can hear.
All right.
It’s about Opie.
Clay’s got him on point
working this judge.
Nothing I can do.
If this thing goes bad
when Opie has to go
down that road,
there’s no way
he’s coming back.
You’re worried
about losing your
right-hand seat?
We both know why
shit’s upside down.
Keep Ope light.
I’ll show up
after I check those guns
and work this judge.
The way me and Ope
are going,
I try and talk him down,
might be the very thing
pushes him to it.
Maybe you should
tag along anyhow.
Okay.
I’ll meet you
at that judge’s house.
Zobelle
is putting down roots.
He’s backing my brother
for mayor,
and he wants me on his team
once I’m chief.
Why are you
telling me this?
Aren’t the Hales on board
for the bright new day?
I know the greater devil
when I see it.
Zobelle is flooding
this town...
with Darby’s
crank and pussy,
and he wants me to shut it down
to prove to Charming
they don’t need the Sons.
You have till
the end of the day
to be heroes.
You had to swallow a lot
to hand this over.
It’s not about humility.
My biggest priority
will be shutting you down.
But I’m gonna do it
the right way.
[ Door Opens, Closes ]
- Where’s Happy?
- I’m taking Clay’s lead,
getting back into guns.
Clay’s cool with it.
[ Engine Starts ]
♪♪ [ Man Singing Rock
On Jukebox ]
Hey. Why aren’t you
with Bobby and Ope?
Jax said
he was handling it.
Call your Nomads.
We need bodies.
We’ve been deputized.
Come on, come on, come on!
You get that door
right there!
- Okay.
- Hey!
Oh!
Too much brown sugar.
Pack up the hams, baby.
[ Gasps ]
[ Woman ]
What the hell–
Get outta–
- Okay. All right. All right.
- Get the fuck out of here.
Move!
Stop pushing!
Faster! Move it!
[ Gasping ]
[ Bell Dings ]
[ Chattering ]
Yeah.
Right, yeah.
I’ll–
I’ll catch up with you.
Okay.
I wanted to say
I was sorry.
I shouldn’t have interfered
with things around here.
I told Chibs
I was transferring him
to Stockton Memorial.
He freaked out,
panicked.
Said he would
be unprotected.
Someone just blew him up.
He’s a little twitchy.
But you do
what you gotta do,
and... we’ll figure out a way
to keep him safe.
Safe from what?
Jesus, Gemma.
When does this settle?
When does it stop?
I don’t know, baby.
[ Hammers Cocking ]
Aw, shit!
[ Shouts ]
[ Grunts ]
You white boys
never learn.
You and P.D. keep whacking
the mole, we keep poppin’ up
someplace else.
Whacking days are done.
Zobelle sold you out.
No more money,
no more Aryan muscle.
I smell the stink
of your crank or your pussy
anywhere near Charming,
I’ll put three bullets
in your neck,
compliments
of Charming P.D.
Light it up.
[ Ernest ]
Aw, shit!
- Move! Come on!
Get out of the way! Move!
- Move, move! Come on, clear!
Go!
[ Engine Idling ]
[ Opie ]
Judge is in the gate.
[ Jax ]
You take him down.
I’ll cover the yard.
[ Gasping ]
Don’t make a sound.
Shut up.
Shut... up!
Take what you want,
get the hell out.
There’s no money–
just what’s in the wallet.
We’re not here to rob you.
We need your help
with a problem.
What problem?
[ Footsteps ]
Got it.
[ Door Opens ]
Easy, easy, junior.
- Oh, shit!
- Get in there.
- Okay, okay. Okay, okay, okay.
- You son of a bitch.
Is this you, Alex?
Are you the problem?
What, he owe you drug money?
What the hell
are you talking about?
You lowlife junkie
piece of shit. Your mother
would be disgusted.
- Hey! Hey! Hey!
- Damn you.
- [ Alex ]
Okay, okay.
- Stay down.
Jesus Christ.
So much for our
emotional leverage.
Hey, hey! I don’t care
how pissed off he is.
He’s not gonna let us
hurt his kid.
Junkie or not,
we stick to the plan.
Mahmoud Zakairi–
he’s got a deportation hearing
tomorrow morning.
It’s a simple
misunderstanding.
Dismiss it,
everyone walks away
from this whole.
This is about
throwing out a case?
Twenty-three years
on the bench,
I’ve never been swayed
by anyone or anything.
I’m not gonna start now.
Let me be clear.
[ Grunts ]
No, no!
You throw out the case,
or I cut your family in half.
No, you won’t.
[ Grunts, Groans ]
I’ll beat him.
I’ll break off his fingers,
and then I’ll kill him.
Jesus Christ!
Just give him what he wants!
Dad, they’re gonna kill me.
He is not going to kill you.
[ Gunshot ]
[ Screams ]
Shut him up.
Shut your mouth!
Get off me. Get off of me!
You cannot just
blow holes in this kid.
I barely winged his toe.
I don’t give a shit
how bad the blood is.
No father
is gonna let his son
die in front of him.
Get out of the way.
Just take it easy.
[ Crying ]
Shut up!
The toe stung.
The knee is gonna make him
want to kill himself.
[ Muffled Screaming ]
[ Muffled ] Dad!
If you’re gonna kill him,
just do it.
[ Grunting ]
I’m not gonna give you
what you want,
so torturing him
is just a waste of time.
You might as well
shoot him.
[ Alex Panting ]
[ Harsh Breathing ]
- [ Grunts ]
- This what you want?
- No. Dad.
- This how you protect
your family?
Dad!
No, no, no, no!
No. No!
You’re gonna let me
kill your kid, huh?
That’s how you
protect your blood?
[ Panting ]
[ Whimpers ]
Open your eyes,
you piece of shit!
Open your eyes! You see it!
You look at what you’ve done!
You see what
you’ve caused!
Look at what you’ve done
to your family!
[ Panting ]
- [ Gasping ]
- Open your mouth.
Open your mouth!
[ Screaming ]
[ Shouting ]
[ Alex Screaming ]
Oh! Fu–
[ Whimpering ]
[ Jax ]
Come on, bro.
It’s done.
Shit.
It’s okay. It’s okay.
[ Shaky Breathing ]
It’s okay.
Your turn.
Shit. I can’t do it, man.
I can’t do it. Shit.
Shit. God.
No way.
All right.
Go look for something.
Anything that’ll help.
Go. Go.
[ Alex Groaning ]
Okay. Relax.
[ Sniffles ]
I’m all right.
I know.
[ Vehicles Passing ]
[ Groaning ]
- What happened?
- Uh, severe head pain.
He can’t see out
of his right eye.
Dr. Gallagher ordered an M.R.I.
[ Monitor Beeping Fast ]
[ Groaning Continues ]
[ Sighs ]
Thanks, Doc.
[ Groaning Continues ]
He should be put back
on critical.
- Dr. Gallagher already did.
- [ Groaning ]
♪♪ [ Piano: Classical ]
[ Door Opens ]
[ Bell Jingles ]
You bankroll me, back me
with muscle, and then you
yank it out from under me?
Navigating around
law enforcement is a game
of give and take.
It wasn’t P.D.!
It was Clay.
He told me you sold me out,
and seeing as how all three of
my interests have been crushed
today, I tend to believe him.
Do you want recompense
against Sam Crow?
It means payback.
Yeah. I know
what it means, asshole!
Yeah, I want to hurt ’em.
[ Crashing Sounds ]
We’ll hit outside.
Storage shed.
Uh, they’ll see the flames
from the highway.
Alarms are cut.
Keep it contained to the inside,
this thing will cook all night
before the flames are visible.
Yeah. All right.
Let’s go.
[ Crashing, Clattering ]
[ Ernest ]
Break this shit up!
Yeah! Douse it!
Douse it all!
[ Rapid Beeping ]
[ Rapid Beeping Continues ]
Hey! Hey, Weston!
What do you think?
You think I got a future
in this business? Huh?
[ Grunts ]
All right.
That should do it.
[ Grunting, Shouting ]
What the hell?
Your need had
a short life span.
[ Grunts ]
We got something.
No! Please, no.
You can’t, please.
Throw out the case.
Love letters.
Found a room upstairs.
- Goddamn shrine
to his dead wife.
- [ Sniffs ]
You don’t throw out
the case tomorrow morning,
you tell anyone about us,
we trash wifey’s room,
we burn every memory
you have.
[ Judge ]
Okay.
We made it work.
And we waited at the house
for the call.
It’s done. The judge
dismissed the case.
It’s all good.
I checked out Lin’s guns.
MP5s.
Really good hardware, man.
Where they going?
Home.
Okay.
How long you gonna be?
Aren’t you comin’ in?
No, I can’t.
I’ve got some errands
to run.
All right.
Uh, about an hour.
I’ll call you.
[ Wheels Squeaking ]
Hey!
- I know you?
- Everyone knows me.
♪♪ [ Piano: Gospel ]
[ Choir ]
♪ Glory, glory ♪
♪ Hallelujah ♪
♪ Since I laid
my burden down ♪
♪ Glory, glory ♪
[ Male Soloist ]
♪ Hallelujah ♪
♪ Since I laid my burden down ♪
♪ All my sickness ♪
♪ Will be over ♪
♪ When I lay my burden down ♪
♪ All my sickness
will be over ♪
♪ When I lay my burden down ♪
♪ Lord, I’m feeling
so much better ♪
♪ Since I laid my burden down ♪
♪ Lord, I’m feeling
so much better ♪
[ Shower Running ]
♪ Since I laid my burden down ♪
♪ Glory, glory ♪
♪ Hallelujah ♪
♪ Since I laid ♪
♪ My burden down ♪
♪ My burden down, down, down ♪
♪ Glory, glory ♪
♪ Hallelujah ♪
- ♪ Since I laid
my burden down ♪
- [ Chuckling ] Got it?
Have some orange juice.
♪ Glory, glory ♪
♪ Hallelujah ♪
♪ Since I laid ♪
♪ Since I laid my burden down ♪
- Good morning.
- ♪ My burden down ♪
♪ Glory, glory ♪
♪ Hallelujah ♪
♪ Since I laid my burden down ♪
♪ Glory, glory ♪
♪ Hallelujah ♪
♪ Since I laid my burden down ♪
[ Man ]
Come on now, everybody!
♪ My burden down ♪
That’s right!
- ♪ Since I laid
my burden down ♪
- Get it down! Yes, Lord!
♪ Glory, glory, hallelujah ♪
♪ Hallelujah ♪
♪ Since I laid my burden down ♪
♪♪ [ Piano Continues, Faint ]
That was Hale.
He just tried you
on the cell.
What?
- [ Truck Warning Beeping ]
- Thirty-one’s released.
[ Radio Chatter ]
[ Motor Idling ]
[ Radio Chatter Continues ]
[ Man On Radio ]
A fire alarm on the seventh
floor of apartment– 01.
Unbelievable.
[ Siren Wailing ]
♪ Glory, glory ♪
This was Clay.
♪ Hallelujah ♪
He couldn’t
let me have it.
♪ Glory, glory ♪
♪ Hallelujah ♪
Talk to Quinn.
Tell him
I want a transfer.
♪ Since I laid my burden down ♪
I’m going Nomad.
♪ Hallelujah ♪
♪ Since I ♪
♪♪ [ Choir Vocalizing ]
♪ Laid my burden down ♪♪